Provide Kubernetes Helm Chart (#457)
tomkerkhove/promitor: docs/deployment/index.md

```
❯ docker run -d -p 8999:80 -e PROMITOR_AUTH_APPID='<azure-ad-app-id>'   \
                           -e PROMITOR_AUTH_APPKEY='<azure-ad-app-key>' \
                           -v C:/Promitor/metrics-declaration.yaml:/config/metrics-declaration.yaml \ 

>                            tomkerkhove/promitor-scraper

Reviewer: What is the change in white space here?

Reviewer 2: Looked like it had intended to line up with the line above, so purely aesthetic reasons.

```

# Kubernetes

> We currently provide [a helm chart](https://github.com/tomkerkhove/promitor/tree/master/charts) which deploys all the required infrastructure on your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer 3: Cool, but how do I deploy this chart? I'm new to Helm and I'm probably not the only one.

Can we add a doc on how to do this?

Reviewer 2: Should be clearer w/ new commit

Reviewer 3: 👌

> You can then edit the values.yaml, or take a look at [this example yaml](https://github.com/tomkerkhove/promitor/blob/master/charts/local-values.yaml.example) to base your own on.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can then edit the `values.yaml`, or take a look at [our example configuration](https://github.com/tomkerkhove/promitor/blob/master/charts/local-values.yaml.example) to get you started.
```

Reviewer 2: Made some slightly different edits, let me know if you want more changes

Reviewer 3: 👌

You will need to provide the following values to minimally run the chart:
- Application Id
- Application Key
- Tenant Id
- Subscription Id
- Resource Group
- Metric Configuration

> After filling out the required fields, you can then deploy the chart by running this command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once configured, you can easily deploy the Helm chart by running this command:
```

Reviewer 2: Again, made slightly different changes for overall clarity, let me know if you want more changes

```

> ❯ helm install --name promitor .\charts\promitor --values \charts\local-values.yaml

Reviewer 4: Can you please add a sample on how to install the helm chart with only `--set` and without passing a values file?

Reviewer 2: Isn't really reasonable as most of the metric declaration yaml would need to be passed in

> ❯ helm install --name promitor .\charts\promitor --values \charts\local-values.yaml

Reviewer 4: Please add a NOTES.txt file that gives the instructions on what steps to take to kubectl proxy into the API to see the swagger and the API request results like this:
https://github.com/helm/charts/blob/master/stable/mysql/templates/NOTES.txt

Reviewer 2: Done, let me know if you want more info there.
